Welcome to the wiki for wiki-from-folder!

This wiki was generated by this action from documents in the `docs` folder of the repository.

For usage instructions see the [readme](../README.md).

## Options
### `folders`
> default: `wiki`

The directory or list of folders to generate the wiki from. If you wish to include multiple directories, separate them with a comma (docs, adr etc.).

### `sidebar`
> default: `true`

Whether or not you wish to generate a custom sidebar with categories based on the subdirectories of the input directory.

### `prefix-files-with-dir`
> default: `false`

Whether or not to prefix file names with the directory they are in. This can be useful if you have multiple files with the same name in different directories, as github wikis completely ignore subdirectories and flatten everything out. Prefixed files will be named dir|filename.ext.

### `branch-to-link-to`
> default: `${{ github.event.repository.default_branch }}`

The branch to link to when wiki files link to code, images etc. Defaults to the default branch of the repository.

### `clear-wiki`
> default: `false`

Whether or not to clear the wiki before generating the new files. This is useful if you do not want wiki pages from anywhere other than this action.

### `edit-warning`
> default: `true`

Whether or not to include a warning comment at the top of each generated file telling the viewer not to edit it and pointing them to the source file to edit instead.

### `token`
> default: `${{ github.token }}`

The token used to authenticate with the repository. You only need to set this if you want to push to a wiki in a different repository, in which case this should be set to a PAT.

### `host`
> default: `${{ github.server_url }}`

The host the wiki is hosted on. Defaults to the server URL of the repository. Typically https://github.com.

### `generated-files-dir`
> default: `generated`

The directory in the wiki repository to store the generated files in. This is useful because it allows you to keep the generated files separate from any other files in the wiki, such as those created by users.

### `sections-open-depth`
> default: `1`

The depth of the sidebar sections to be open by default. Setting it to 1 for example means that all top level sections will be open, but any subsections will be closed. 0 will close all sections by default. -1 will open all sections by default.

### `make-src-dirs-sections`
> default: `false`

Whether or not to make the directories the wiki is being generated from into sections in the sidebar. If this is true and sidebar is true, if the wiki is being created from a directory called wiki, the sidebar will have a section called wiki with all the files from that directory in it. If this is false and sidebar is true, the files in the root of wiki will be in the root of the sidebar.

### `repo`
> default: `${{ github.repository }}`

The repository to generate the wiki in. Defaults to the repository the action is running in. Only set this to a different repository if you want to generate a wiki in a different repository. If you do this, you will need to set the token input to a token with write access to the repository.


## Desired future features
- Option to not clear generated pages + option to clear user created pages (need to clear generated pages for deleting pages to sync).
- Option to include front-matter in the markdown files to specify properties like the sidebar title etc.
- Option to create pull request to main repo if there are documents that have been created using github's browser interface for creating wiki pages (see [gollum](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/using-workflows/events-that-trigger-workflows#gollum)).
	- When processing files add front-matter with the original file path
- Option to include additional stuff at the top and bottom of the sidebar
- option to generate index files for directories that have links to all the included files and sub indexes for subdirectories
- Rework formatLinksInFile so it is less reliant on all the parameters of formatLocalLinks
- Add more async for reading and writing files
- Add the ability to detect when a file links to another markdown file in any of the folders being published to the wiki
- Work with other types of files, not just markdown.